Crab walk with spears.
Triple jav dwarf.
Triple beartrap.
Carving Knife + horse.
Rock Rock Buckler 333 tank.
Triple Carving knife scav dwarf, find shields and make a carving knife shield wall.
Triple Jav 121 armor, 360s only.
Recurve Bow 360s only.
Play the opposite perspective (if you play 1st person, go 3rd person, vise versa)
Roleplay as scared farmers.
You can only move backwards.
You can only strafe while crouching.
Triple smokebombs scavenger dwarf.
After every kill you must type "I'm gay!" in chat. Every Kill.
You can only frog jump every where (jump then squat emote).
Fists only, tank, 333 armor.
You can only look down.
You can only look up. 
Unbind your up and down axis, you can only look left/right.
Unbind your feint key, you can't feint.
Unbind your parry key, you can only chamber.
Unbind your crouch key, you can't crouch.
Unbind your sprint key, you can't sprint.
You must create a human centepide to move around. If you don't have friends with you, pick someone random and follow them.
One person in the server becomes Mr. President. You must protect them at all costs. Announce who Mr. President is in chat.
Horseback bow only.
Limit your frames to 45 fps, and turn your FOV down to 90.
Turn your FOV down to 60.
Run the command r.mipMapLODBias 1000, play in first person.
Throwables/ranged only, no melee or fists.
Rebind your movement keys to the opposite (Forwarsds is S, Left is D, so on.)
Everyone goes default engineer, you can only put down archer cover.
Play with your socks on your hands.
Everyone go medic. Triple medic bag, no armor.
You can only move while crouching.
Swap loadout every time you die.
Everyone goes default archer with cleaver, you have to stay together and move as one.
Pick one person on the enemy team, and avoid them at all costs. You cannot attack them.
Everyone goes no armor quarterstaff + dodge.
You're only allowed to attack people using turds.
Everyone goes default knight and rushes the objectives.
Megatryhard, 60 kills or you do 5 pushups.
After each kill you have to run back to the closest objective and touch the flagpole.
After every death, do a jumping jack. Every 5th death, do a burpee.
You can only crab walk and use short spears and short swords
Triple throwing knives + dodge.
Triple throwing knives + tank.
Triple Jav + tank.
Set your FOV to 60, play in first person with your mouse DPI and sensitivity as high as they will go. Bonus points if you turn on mouse acceleration. 
Turn your FOV down as low as it will go.
Play with Cinematic camera on (m.cinematicCamera 1) and in first person.
Limit your frames to 30FPS, and max out all your graphics settings.
Play with Cinematic Camera on (m.cinematicCamera 1) and an FOV of 60.
No chambers allowed.
Play archer, you must only fight from the ground, and only move on horseback. no shooting on horseback.
